good afternoon
hello you are looking at me I am conducting a
sociological study what
percentage of idiots in russia please tell me
you will support the war in ukraine or not
tolerate i am a fan of the city of mariupol will you support the
war in ukraine or not the
war will not fall in any case allah
promises where
i am  do I say the author say, well, where
are you,
but everything in this is not Yekaterinburg,
that is, look, it turns out that your city,
Russia, was not captured, bombed, and you
must live
Yekaterinburg, and a lot
I was there in Yekaterinburg in the fourteenth
year, and
I was in Donetsk blood and under the contract
did I serve in this  moment here a month ago and
turned again you yourself are all conti ring
rgada well yes why are these seams from
mariupol no how do I look over the chorus a month ago
came the meaning I understood that you are a mercenary
yes type
no no no in no case a mercenary
just someone of color from  we are liberating fascists ukraine
, I understood and that look here
you are who the
world is to you and obviously a regular military man who
you are and
who I am at the moment the senior se
rzhant of the Russian regular army, well, who is the machine gunner in this, that is, you killed people in Ukraine, so it turns out, what did you do there in your maiden country, yes, firstly, this is not a stranger again, Mariupol, this is Ukraine, our country Yekaterinburg, you are Russian, this is not a foreign wall, this is our country it’s yours through to see why why mariupol is your country it’s ukraine well, because you can see for each what I tell you when the singers of the bazaar rot no Kyiv it’s not russia but everything else too wait we fell then ukraine when he became russia i don’t know him that means you, if you are so smart, well-read, at the moment it’s shorter even on youtube then go look like this in russia, well, it turns out that you’ll come to mariupol there they’re twisting times the mariupol tricolor is written just the sea to the mentioned also we grabbed it now captured yes but mariupol is ukraine it Anna's compartment, temporarily occupied by Russia, the city, well, well, well, well, the Ziegler fed you, he captured the cities, hung with  vastiki here you are fascists just
like hitler
why but because you capture
foreign nations foreign countries
okay now I want one thing from you but save one thing
here you are also there well how is it Ukrainian
soldiers to capture but there Russian
soldiers will take away the blanket but
also  here Russia also turns out to foam in front of the foam,
why is it shorter than
Ukrainian
drunks
to fall, no background, you just have a
Nazi, you know this little fellows, you know to
google it and there are small men, a St. Petersburg
fascist to give and then you and the Nazis will come to the Donbass,
you Nazis came to our
country,
why are we your country  came your
country from mariupol is ukraine are you stupid
or how is mariupol is ukraine you came
captured
i blue look at the map ukraine to
where we came late to drop if
we hadn’t come there we would have come to ukraine
to the queen he has ukraine and
if we  in Donetsk Luhansk Mariupol,
I understand, let's say
how low the intellectual
level of these Russian soldiers is, that
is, not even x  understands even on the map to Kyiv this is ukraine mariupol floor our country russia like yes you what when it turned out that the crown of yekaterinburg 2014 is rummaging in Donetsk under the contract has served the frame of both civil and russian so bull and was dunaev luhansk now 2014 so we will give another unique identification and we will try to dig them out the wind ok May 3, musya and puffing eat on the channel like comments comfort and subscribe rear rams get in and move sent